## README FILE FOR MP3

1) Which are the most decisive factors for quitting a job? Why do people quit their job?

It seems there is no correlation between attrition and other factors. The strongest correlation appears to be between attrition and overtime, with a correlation of approximately 0.24, which probably means there are many factors contributing to attrition.

Our classification model is telling us that 
- new employees are more likely to change jobs
- If you are single you are more likely to change jobs
-  If you are a Laboratory Technician then again you are more likely to change jobs

2) Which work positions and departments are in higher risk of losing employees?

- our classification model tells us that Laboratory Technician are more likely to quit which means the Department Research & Development has the highest risk of lose employees 

3) Are employees of different gender paid equally in all departments?

It seems like there are no real pay gab between genders. See bow plot genderxMonthly income a section Exploration

4) Do the family status and the distance from work influence the work-life balance?

There seems to be no corraltion between family status and the distance from work to the influence of work-life balance. See exploration

5) Does education make people happy (satisfied from the work)?

There seems to be no corraltion between education influence of job satifaction. See exploration

6) Which machine learning methods did you choose to apply in the application and why?

- linear regression: We chose the linear regssion because we had one variables, and the model came out at 89% accuracy

- classification: We started with normal DesicionTree, because it seem like a good fit, and we ended up with a accuracy at 99.5%

- Clustering: we started useing Kmeans, because we choose the most popular model at first, the results weren't that good, but we ran out of time.

7) How accurate are your solutions of prediction? Explain the meaning of the quality measures. 

See above

8) What could be done for further improvement of the accuracy of the models? 

the only model that we didn't find satisfying where the Kmeans, we should try a diffent model or choosen diffent variables or differnt amount of variables.

9) Which were the challenges in the project development?

to make our figuring out how to construct the visuels to see the data like we wanted and fitting our data into the models when the  examples weren't the samme.